What solution-processing methods are effective to create high-quality OPVs?
How can I examine the nanostructure of an OPV using synchrotron radiation?
What metrics are useful to determine the performance of an OPV?
What can ultra-fast spectroscopy tell me about an OPV?
How do I measure short circuit current in an OPV?
What properties of an OPV determine how high a short circuit current will be?
I am not getting very efficient OPVs compared to literature values. What can I check for in my laboratory to try and troubleshoot what may be happening?
What is the highest efficiency OPV that has ever been tested? What processing steps were used to achieve this result?
Explain the concept of radiative versus non-radiative loss channels as they relate to OPVs.
What are the best methods to measure radiative versus non-radiative recombination in OPVs?
Can you give me an example device stack for OPVs? What layer thicknesses should I use for each element?
Can you give me an example inverted device stack for OPVs? What layer thicknesses should I use for each element?
What are the differences between Y5, Y6, Y7, Y8, and Y18 molecules?
How important are co-crystals between Donor and Acceptor in OPVs?
What are the advantages of ITIC derived acceptor molecules compared to Y6?
What are methods that I can use to improve the light-stability of my OPV devices?
What are the advantages of a ternary OPV blend? Can you give me examples of high performing materials and specific blend ratios that I should use?
I am making a bilayer OPV using CuPC and ZnPc. What is the morphology of those two molecules and how can I prepare devices using vapor deposition? What should I consider during device fabrication?
Where should I buy OPV donor and acceptor materials?
What does resonant scattering tell me about an OPV active layer?
Can you explain to me the steps of conducting RSOXS at the Advanced Light Source? Who should I contact to learn more about this technique?
How do I interpret polarization-induced anisotropic resonant scattering? In what ways could I misinterpret the data?
What does an integrated scattering intensity tell me in RSOXS and when is it appropriate to use such an analysis?
What properties of an OPV can I measure using the Advanced Light Source?
What are the benefits of using fullerene acceptors instead of non-fullerene acceptors in OPVs?
Why is P3HT a much better donor polymer to use than PM6?
Why do acceptor molecules similar to (2,2′-((2Z,2′Z)-((12,13-bis(2-ethylhexyl)-3,9-diundecyl-12,13-dihydro-[1,2,5]thiadiazolo[3,4-e]thieno[2,"3′’:4’,5′]thieno[2′,3′:4,5]pyrrolo[3,2-g]thieno[2′,3′:4,5]thieno[3,2-b]indole-2,10-diyl)bis(methanylylidene))bis(5,6-difluoro-3-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-indene-2,1-diylidene))dimalononitrile) perform so much better than fullerenes.
Why do acceptor molecules similar to Y6 perform so much better than fullerenes?